readme.md, before:

# Discord Bot for Pokemon Nuzlocke Runs

Purpose of this bot is for people who do pokemon runs in Unbound who want to track their many runs a bit more effeciently. This works best with a soul link run with multiple people and allows all members to use the bot. 

### Current Feature Pushes
- Cleaning Up the adding pokemon feature to prevent errors in database
- Asking for cheat codes
- Adding the ability to delete stored pokemon
- 


A few initial ideas are below. I am open to any feedback or changes.

# Upcoming Features
## Tracking Pokemon and Exporting for Calc
- The user is able to add pokemon using discord slashes to output a Pokemon Unbound Calc ready format for easier calcing (http://unboundcalc.byethost3.com/?i=2)

## Cheat Requests
- Easier prompting for cheats: depending on the run, cheats are common to make for an easier experience. 
- You can give the bot the question to grab a specific item or TM/HM and it will spit out the code necessary.

#Doug Tasked
## Run Tracker
  The ability to give out a short, listed summary of what tasks are next. 
  In addition, the ability to easily add "to do's" as the run is going on.

## Resetting Run
Exporting the data into a CSV for later and clearing out anydatabase. 


### Major Upcoming Battles to Prep
Major events: Asking the bot what major battle is up ahead and providing any links or images without spoiling future fights. (using the Embed feature) 

### Potential Additions 

- Type calculator: Choosing a pokemon and out comes all their resistances and weaknesses. ex. Charizard: Weak to WAT, ELE, ROC x4
- Team Weakness: user adds their team and bot finds out what their team

Commit message:

Finish the changes to adding pokemon and add function to cheats
Now the slash command for item gives you the code to the item and the move gives you the cheat code move

readme.md, after:

# Discord Bot for Pokemon Nuzlocke Runs

Purpose of this bot is for people who do pokemon runs in Unbound who want to track their many runs a bit more effeciently. This works best with a soul link run with multiple people and allows all members to use the bot. 

### Current Feature Pushes
- Adding the ability to delete stored pokemon
- 


A few initial ideas are below. I am open to any feedback or changes.

# Upcoming Features
## Tracking Pokemon and Exporting for Calc
- The user is able to add pokemon using discord slashes to output a Pokemon Unbound Calc ready format for easier calcing (http://unboundcalc.byethost3.com/?i=2)

## Cheat Requests
- Easier prompting for cheats: depending on the run, cheats are common to make for an easier experience. 
- You can give the bot the question to grab a specific item or TM/HM and it will spit out the code necessary.

#Doug Tasked
## Run Tracker
  The ability to give out a short, listed summary of what tasks are next. 
  In addition, the ability to easily add "to do's" as the run is going on.

## Resetting Run
Exporting the data into a CSV for later and clearing out anydatabase. 


### Major Upcoming Battles to Prep
Major events: Asking the bot what major battle is up ahead and providing any links or images without spoiling future fights. (using the Embed feature) 

### Potential Additions 

- Type calculator: Choosing a pokemon and out comes all their resistances and weaknesses. ex. Charizard: Weak to WAT, ELE, ROC x4
- Team Weakness: user adds their team and bot finds out what their team 

### Recent changelog:
- 02/16 Clean Up the adding pokemon feature to prevent errors in database
- 02/16 Now you can ask for either the item or the move based on the slash command
